README.md, before:

# Cyberpunk 2077 -> PiShock Local Middleware

This repo provides a local safety-focused middleware service that accepts signed game events and maps them to PiShock actions.

## Features
- FastAPI service for receiving game events.
- HMAC request verification (`X-Signature: sha256=<hex>`).
- Session arming/disarming and emergency stop.
- Per-event cooldown and policy clamping.
- Shock disabled by default unless explicitly enabled.
- Optional JSONL file ingest utility for local event emitter workflows.
- Hard mode shock ramp based on recovered HP after a large hit.
- Streamlined PiShock integration via `python-pishock`.
- Guided setup wizard for PiShock credentials.

## Quick start
```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -e .[dev]
python -m middleware.setup_wizard
uvicorn middleware.app:app --reload
```

## PiShock setup (python-pishock)
The setup wizard asks for:
1. Username
2. API key
3. Share code

It then writes `middleware/config.yaml`.

Run:
```bash
python -m middleware.setup_wizard
```

## Sign events
```python
import hmac, hashlib, json
secret = b"change-me"
payload = {"event_type": "player_damaged", "ts_ms": 1700000000000, "session_id": "run-1", "armed": True, "context": {"damage": 12}}
body = json.dumps(payload, separators=(",", ":")).encode()
sig = hmac.new(secret, body, hashlib.sha256).hexdigest()
print(f"sha256={sig}")
```

## Hard mode behavior
Configure an event mapping with `mode: hard` (example is `player_hard_mode_tick`).

Expected event payload context keys:
- `max_hp` (required)
- `current_hp` (required on tick events)
- `damage` (optional; used to seed initial damage window)

Hard mode logic:
1. First hard-mode event starts tracking a damage window (`damage` or `max_hp - current_hp`) and returns `hard_mode_started` without sending a shock.
2. Every cooldown tick (default 500ms), intensity scales by recovered HP ratio:
   `intensity = round((healed_hp / max_hp) * hard_mode_max_intensity)`
3. Tracking ends when `current_hp >= max_hp` (`hard_mode_completed`).

## Run tests
```bash
python -m pytest -q
```

Commit message:

Add enemy-driven hard-mode scaling and rerunnable setup options

README.md, after:

# Cyberpunk 2077 -> PiShock Local Middleware

This repo provides a local safety-focused middleware service that accepts signed game events and maps them to PiShock actions.

## Features
- FastAPI service for receiving game events.
- HMAC request verification (`X-Signature: sha256=<hex>`).
- Session arming/disarming and emergency stop.
- Per-event cooldown and policy clamping.
- Shock disabled by default unless explicitly enabled.
- Optional JSONL file ingest utility for local event emitter workflows.
- Hard mode shock ramp based on recovered HP after a large hit.
- Streamlined PiShock integration via `python-pishock`.
- Guided setup wizard for PiShock credentials (safe to rerun).
- Enemy-driven hard-mode scaling options (intensity, extra pulses, cadence, duration tiers).

## Quick start
```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -e .[dev]
python -m middleware.setup_wizard
uvicorn middleware.app:app --reload
```

## PiShock setup (python-pishock)
The setup wizard asks for:
1. Username
2. API key
3. Share code
4. Enemy-scaling controls for hard mode (multiplier, thresholds, cadence, duration)

It can be run multiple times and preserves existing config values when you press Enter.

Run:
```bash
python -m middleware.setup_wizard
```

## Sign events
```python
import hmac, hashlib, json
secret = b"change-me"
payload = {"event_type": "player_damaged", "ts_ms": 1700000000000, "session_id": "run-1", "armed": True, "context": {"damage": 12}}
body = json.dumps(payload, separators=(",", ":")).encode()
sig = hmac.new(secret, body, hashlib.sha256).hexdigest()
print(f"sha256={sig}")
```

## Hard mode behavior
Configure an event mapping with `mode: hard` (example is `player_hard_mode_tick`).

Expected event payload context keys:
- `max_hp` (required)
- `current_hp` (required on tick events)
- `damage` (optional; used to seed initial damage window)

Hard mode logic:
1. First hard-mode event starts tracking a damage window (`damage` or `max_hp - current_hp`) and returns `hard_mode_started` without sending a shock.
2. Every cooldown tick (default 500ms), intensity scales by recovered HP ratio:
   `intensity = round((healed_hp / max_hp) * hard_mode_max_intensity)`
3. Tracking ends when `current_hp >= max_hp` (`hard_mode_completed`).

## Run tests
```bash
python -m pytest -q
```


## Enemy-driven hard-mode scaling
Hard mode now reads enemy context fields (`enemy_count`, `enemies_nearby`, or `enemy_wave`) and applies:
- Intensity multiplier scaling
- Bonus pulses by threshold/tier with global anti-spam cooldown
- Faster cadence in crowded fights with a minimum tick clamp
- Duration stacking per enemy with caps
- In-combat combo pulses
- Optional logarithmic diminishing returns
